documentation-github-flow-update (#464)
Start9Labs/documentation: site/source/developer-docs/documentation.rst

#. Create an account if you don't have one already:

    .. figure:: /_static/images/contribution/documentation-fork-step2.png
        :width: 70%

#. Head to `Start9's documentation repo. <https://github.com/start9labs/documentation>`_

> #. Fork the repository by taping here:

Author: Yeah I will keep in mind.

    .. figure:: /_static/images/contribution/documentation-fork-step4.png
        :width: 70%

#. Tap "Create fork"

    .. figure:: /_static/images/contribution/documentation-fork-step5.png
        :width: 70%

.. tabs::

    .. group-tab:: Editing an existing page:

        #. Search through the relevant directory, find the article you'd like to edit, select it and tap on the edit button.

            .. figure:: /_static/images/contribution/documentation-update-step1.png
                :width: 70%

        #. Make your edit and tap "Commit changes".

            .. figure:: /_static/images/contribution/documentation-update-step2.png
                :width: 70%

        #. Describe your changes in the first field, tap "Create new branch for this commit and start a pull request," name the branch in the second field and tap "Propose changes".

            .. figure:: /_static/images/contribution/documentation-update-step3.png
                :width: 70%

        #. Tap "documentation".

               .. figure:: /_static/images/contribution/documentation-update-step4.png
                :width: 70%     

>         #. Tap "new pull request" by the side of the branch you just created:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        #. Click "Compare & pull request" in the yellow box (if this does not appear, go to "Pull Requests -> New"):
```

               .. figure:: /_static/images/contribution/documentation-update-step5.png
                :width: 70%

        #. Now ensure that the base repository is Start9Labs/documentation, then tap "Create pull request".

            .. figure:: /_static/images/contribution/documentation-update-step6.png
                :width: 70%

>         #. Once reviewed we will either suggest changes or approve it if no changes are necessary. If we reject your PR we will try to offer an explanation of why the PR was not needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        #. From here, a Start9 team member will review your PR, either suggesting changes or approving it if no changes are necessary.
```

        Thank you for contributing to Start9's documentation!

    .. group-tab:: Creating a new page:

        1. Tap "Add file" and then "Create new file".

            .. figure:: /_static/images/contribution/documentation-new-step1.png
                :width: 70%

>         2. Name and enter the contents of your first article and then tap "Commit changes".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        2. Name and enter the contents of your first article and then click "Commit changes".  Remember to put this in the correct location in the file structure.
```

            .. figure:: /_static/images/contribution/documentation-new-step2.png
                :width: 70%

>         3. Describe your article in the first field, tap "Create new branch for this commit and start a pull request," name the branch in the second field and tap "Propose new file".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        3. Describe your article in the first field, click "Create new branch for this commit and start a pull request," name the branch in the second field and click "Propose new file".
```

            .. figure:: /_static/images/contribution/documentation-new-step3.png
                :width: 70%

>         4. Now tap "documentation" and you will likely see this "Compare and pull request" button - if so tap it and head to the next step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        4. Now click "documentation" and then click the "Compare and pull request" button.  If this option does not appear, see the note below.
```

            .. figure:: /_static/images/contribution/documentation-new-step4.1.png
                :width: 70%
            
            .. figure:: /_static/images/contribution/documentation-new-step4.2.png
                :width: 70%

        
        .. note::

>             If you don't see "Compare & pull request" button, then tap "branches" instead, then tap "New pull request" next to the branch you created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            If you don't see the "Compare & pull request" button, click "branches", then click "New pull request" next to the branch you created.
```

        
                .. figure:: /_static/images/contribution/documentation-new-step5.1.png
                    :width: 60%

                .. figure:: /_static/images/contribution/documentation-new-step5.2.png
                    :width: 60%

>         5. Now ensure that the base repository is Start9Labs/documentation, then finally tap "Create pull request".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        5. Ensure that the base repository is Start9Labs/documentation, then click "Create pull request".
```

            .. figure:: /_static/images/contribution/documentation-new-step6.png
                :width: 70%

>         6. Once reviewed we will either suggest changes or approve it if no changes are necessary. If we reject your PR we will try to offer an explanation of why the PR was not needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        6. From here, a Start9 team member will review your PR, either suggesting changes or approving it if no changes are necessary.
```
